feat: microsoft defender portal compatibility (#7)
recordedfuture/Azure-Sentinel: Solutions/Recorded Future/Playbooks/Sandboxing/readme.md

> - Email notifications are still sent (Outlook playbook only)
> - We provide Analytic Rules that will handle **incident creation**, see [Incident Creation](../readme.md#incident-creation)

> The Recorded Future Sandbox integration requires a API key for ```Recorded Future Sandbox for Microsoft Sentinel``` API key that is different than the one used in the ```Recorded Future for Microsoft Sentinel``` integration. If a ```Enterprise Sandox API``` token is to be used, it should be added in the corresponding logic apps under ```Sandbox API token``` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Recorded Future Sandbox integration requires an API key for `Recorded Future Sandbox for Microsoft Sentinel`. **Note**: this is different from the one used in the `Recorded Future for Microsoft Sentinel` integration.

If you use the Enterprise Sandbox, you need to provide an additional key `Enterprise Sandbox API token`.  This can be retrieved from https://sandbox.recordedfuture.com/account. It should be provided to the corresponding logic apps as a logic app parameter `Sandbox API token`.
```
